---
layout: default
---

The *(Stichting) BitShares Blockchain Foundation* is a non-profit organization
registered in Deventer, Netherlands. It is operational since June 2016 and has
been preparing industries behind the scenes ever since. The Foundation's mission
is to promote, advocate and grow the BitShares ecosystem to its full potential.

## Announcements

{% include ann.html %}

Show {[all announcements](/anns)}

## Transparent Communication

Decentralized networks come with a high need of cooperation and coordination.
To facilitate this need on a technical level, we provide open and transparent
mailing lists for developers, block producers, committee members, token holders,
and projects running on top of BitShares.
{[mailing lists](http://lists.bitshares.foundation)}

## Escrow Workers

The BitShares Blockchain Foundation takes a lead in managing worker proposals on
BitShares. Freelancers around the world that want to work for the BitShares DAC
are organized through our trusted escrow setup which carefully vets worker
proposals of freelancers, sets them up on the blockchain and ensures the maximum
of code quality for the BTS token holders. {[more](/worker)}

## Transparent Accounting

Since we are in the fortunate position to have received sufficient trust from
BTS token holders to successfully operate [multiple escrow
workers](http://www.bitshares.foundation/worker), we feel the need to be as
transparent as humanly possible to these token holders as to how the funds are
used. {[more](/accounting)}

## Spokesperson

With the BitShares Blockchain Foundation, there now is a well-supported entity
that feels responsible for BitShares and its growth. Throughout the last months,
we have been working tirelessly to advocate partners and businesses about the
technological advantages we have over our competitors - with great success. The
BitShares Blockchain foundation is pleased to announce partnerships as they
mature. Furthermore, the BTS holders have officially elected the BitShares
Blockchain Foundation as their [spokesperson](/spokesperson) and **public
face**. We are honoured and do our best to serve this position successfully.
