---
layout: default
permalink: /spokesperson
---

# Spokesperson

Since [October 18th '17](/announcements/2017-10-18-bbf-elected-as-spokesperson),
the *BitShares Blockchain Foundation* has been elected as official
**spokesperson** and **public face** of BitShares.

The nomination as spokesperson arose in response to the turmoil around
BitShares not having an entity that represents it in the public - in
particular in discussions with exchanges, on-/off-ramps and third party
businesses looking to integrate with the BitShares Blockchain.

## The Mandate

To address these difficulties that come with being a DAC, the BitShares
Blockchain Foundation proposed to function as the **only spokesperson**
for BitShares in external communication and to become the **public face
of BitShares**.

The approval of the proposal by the BTS holders results in a mandate
that will be active for as long as proposal keeps the required approve
during the next 15 months (until December 31st 2018), unless BTS holders
withdraw their mandate.

Being appointed as an official representative highlights BitShares'
**technical strength** and **governance process** of this unique
decentralized and autonomous community (DAC). 

## Limitations of the Mandate

We would like to emphasize that this mandate does **not** allow us to
guide the future of the BitShares blockchain. If we see need for further
approval of actions by BTS holders or to make changes to the underlying
protocol, **separate proposals** will need to undergo the scrutiny of the
BTS holders by means of approval voting.

## Invitation and Contact

Furthermore, we would like to encourage everyone interested in meeting
the people behind the BitShares Blockchain Foundation to make an
appointment for a personal meeting at 

    Stichting Bitshares Blockchain Foundation
    Business Innovation Campus (BIC) De Gasfabriek
    Zutphenseweg 6b
    7418 AJ Deventer
    The Netherlands

or reach out to the spokesperson via [email](mailto:spokesperson@bitshares.foundation).
