---
title: Crypto-Currencies as Medium of Payment
layout: announcement
---

The BitShares Blockchain Foundation is pleased to announce a new paper
that compares the commonly used concepts of achieving *price-stable*
crypto-currencies. The paper was written as an entry-point for
interested readers to understand the basic aspects. With this, we hope
to clarify the differences, individual risks and opportunities for
price-stable crypto-currencies in the blockchain space.

{[**Read the full article**](/download/articles/cryptocurrencies_as_medium_of_payment.pdf)}

# Abstract

With the current growth of the crypto-ecosystem in general, and the
growth of crypto-currencies like BTC (Bitcoin Blockchain) and ETH
(Ethereum Blockchain) in particular, the general public as well as
traditional (old economy) markets finally take notice of blockchain
technology and its application(s) in the financial technology and other
sectors.

A well-known obstacle to greater adoption of crypto-currencies like BTC
as a **medium of payment** is the high volatility of its exchange value,
due to its limited supply. As a consequence, the unit price varies
(sometimes significantly) over short periods of time. This makes BTC
unpractical for merchants that need to pay their suppliers in cash -
especially in bearish markets where this currency risk can ruin a
business.

## Rising Demand for Price-Stable Crypto-Currencies     

In the recent months, we have recognized an increasing demand for what
is commonly referred to as *price-stable crypto-currencies* that promise
to *peg* a particular underlying asset, for instance to a fiat currency
such as the U.S. Dollar. As a consequence to pegging to a fiat currency
and due to monetary policy, price-stable crypto-currencies are **not
stable in value**, but rather stable in their pricing relation to the
fiat currency in question. The difference becomes clear when looking
(for instance) at the [monetary basis of the U.S. Dollar](http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/images/2013/July/10-QE3-money.png).

Today, most price-stable crypto currencies are denoted in U.S. Dollar,
such as NuBits, MakerDAO/Sai, bitUSD and USDT (Tether). Additionally,
some crypto-currencies try to mimic the value of other assets, for
instance MakerDAO/Dai (IMF's special drawing rights), bitGOLD (troy
ounce .999 fine gold), Digix Gold Tokens/DGX (Gold), bitSILVER (troy
ounce .999 fine silver), and others.

Either way, being based on blockchain technologies, these particular
crypto-currencies come amongst other benefits with all the nice features
of blockchains, such as fast confirmations, international transfers and
cheap fees. They reduce currency-risk for merchants. Additionally, these
**price-stable** currencies provide an interesting instrument to
professional traders that need a hedge and seek for the stability of
fiat in bearish markets.
