---
title: BitShares Blockchain Foundation elected as official Spokesperson for its Decentralized Autonomous Company
layout: announcement
---

On Oct. 17th, the BTS holders have voted in favor of the worker proposal
[201710-spokesperson](http://www.bitshares.foundation/workers/2017-10-spokesperson)
that was submitted by the BitShares Blockchain Foundation. The worker
proposal arose in response to the turmoil around BitShares last week.
Being appointed as an official representative highlights BitSharesâ€™
technical strength and governance process of this unique decentralized
and autonomous community (DAC). To address these difficulties that come
with being a DAC, the BitShares Blockchain Foundation proposed to
function as the **only spokesperson** for BitShares in external
communication and to become the **public face of BitShares**.  The
approval of the proposal results in a mandate that will be active for as
long as proposal keeps the required approve during the next 15 months.

We would like to emphasize that this mandate does not allow us to direct
the future of the BitShares blockchain. If we see need for further
approval by BTS holders or to make changes to the underlying protocol,
separate proposals will need to undergo the scrutiny of the BTS holders
by means of approval voting.

We would like to say **_thank you_** to all involved! We feel very
honored by the trust and faith the community has given to us and are
highly committed to prosper in this new role and thereby contribute to
the growth of BitShares.

Furthermore, we would like to encourage everyone interested in meeting
the people behind the BitShares Blockchain Foundation to make an
appointment for a personal meeting at 

    Stichting Bitshares Blockchain Foundation
    Business Innovation Campus (BIC) De Gasfabriek
    Zutphenseweg 6b
    7418 AJ Deventer
    The Netherlands

or reach out to the spokesperson via [email](mailto:spokesperson@bitshares.foundation).
